= pivotal_tracker

This is a simple ruby wrapper for the Pivotal Tracker V3 API utilizing HTTParty and Crack::XML.

== Setup

Make sure you have gemcutter
  sudo gem install gemcutter
  gem tumble
  
Install the gem
  sudo gem install pivotal_tracker

== Usage

Create a PivotalTracker object with your API key:
  tracker = PivotalTracker.new('API_KEY')
  
To use ssl:
  tracker = PivotalTracker.new('API_KEY', :ssl => true)
  
Use any of the currently implemented methods and access them like access the resources returned.
Notice that all data returned is parsed and built into Mash objects/arrays for you:
  projects = tracker.get_all_projects
  projects.first.memberships.first.person.name
  => "Joslyn Esser"
  
== Currently implemented methods (More to come!)

* get_all_activities(options = {}) 
* get_all_project_activities(project_id, options = {})
* get_all_projects
* get_project(project_id)
* create_project(name, options = {})
* get_all_project_memberships(project_id)
* get_project_membership(project_id, membership_id)
* add_project_membership(project_id, role, email, options = {})
* remove_project_membership(project_id, membership_id)
* get_all_project_iterations(project_id, options = {})
* get_all_project_stories(project_id, options = {})
  * Filter by passing in a filter hash: 
    {:filter => {:type => "bug", :id => "1,2,5"}}
  * Read more on filtering here: http://www.pivotaltracker.com/help#howcanasearchberefined
* add_project_story(project_id, story)
* update_project_story(project_id, story_id, story)
* delete_project_story(project_id, story_id)
* add_project_story_note(project_id, story_id, text)
* move_project_story(project_id, story_id, direction, target_story_id)
  * direction can be either "before" or "after"


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add specs for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but
   bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2009 Joslyn Esser. See LICENSE for details.
